---
tags: [on-chains]
title: may-23-2023 03:04:49 am +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x0f9f2f212c0545f36c5b22880f43ecb3545dbcd6a0491a30e0084828d7edba07](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x0f9f2f212c0545f36c5b22880f43ecb3545dbcd6a0491a30e0084828d7edba07)

gm or gn.

Please find below a workstream progress update for 2023-05-22.

This week we are pleased to make a number of important announcements.

- The loan origination user interface is almost complete. This will provide for loan origination as a seamless extension of a typical uniswap style "Add Liquidity" workflow, offering project launchers an extension to a familiar user experience in existing DEX UI implementations. We expect full delivery within the next few days.

- We found some simplifying scope reductions for omni routing that will allow us to ship a beta version of the XChange swap with DEX selection. Cross-DEX routing will be added in iteratively.

- With the loan UI workflows and XChange swap workflows implemented, we plan to ship a beta version of the entire Xchange experience no later than 2023-06-02. This will allow the community and savvy project launchers and speculators to try out and experience the end-to-end loan and swap workflows. This will provide critical product proof and feedback which can be used in the final go-live development process as well as the pr\* With the loan UI workflows and XChange swap workflows implet projects from borrowing liquidity and launching due to our permission-less nature. It is possible a few projects choose to borrow liquidity despite this beta status, but we'd encourage projects to consult with community leaders first and consider launching after XChange exits its beta stage a few weeks later.

With this full beta experience going live within the next two weeks we also want to announce:

1. The "Maxi" NFT mint prices on Ethereum will be raised next Monday, 2023-05-29, at 7PM UTC. The planned price increases have been previously published, however we welcome community input (via general discussion and optionally via an advisory DAO vote on snapshot.org).

2. We share your enthusiasm for a long-awaited launch of Xchange and want to celebrate this upcoming event by hosting a text based AMA where community members and on-lookers can ask us questions about the protocol in regards to vision, future, launch, and so much more.

   Who: X7 Community + 7 Founding DAO Devs\
   What: Telegram Text Based AMA\
   Where: X7 Announcements Channel\
   When: 2023-05-25, at 10pm UTC\

---

WS1.1: Omni routing (multi dex routing "library" code)\
 95%

WS1.2: Omni routing (multi dex select "library" code)\
 100%

WS2: Omni routing (UI)\
 45%

WS3: Borrowing UI\
 95%

WS4: Lending and Liquidation UI\
 85%

WS5: DAO smart contracts\
 Started

WS6: X7 DAO UI\
 Not Started

WS7: Marketing "Pitch Deck"\
 95%

WS8: Decentralization in hosting\
 50%

WS9: Developer Tools and Example Smart Contracts\
75%

---

As always,

Trust no one. Trust Code. Long Live DeFi!
