---
tags: [on-chains]
title: may-09-2023 06:52:59 am +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x563f219ac621687c0c7ef19ffcb27cd31f5b8d0b8b49772c877358525b56b512](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x563f219ac621687c0c7ef19ffcb27cd31f5b8d0b8b49772c877358525b56b512)

gm or gn.

Please find below a workstream progress update for 2023-05-15:

Progress on the Omni routing library stalled a bit this week as we focused on getting a few other aspects completed or mostly completed.

The X7D Deposit and withdrawal page is very nearly multi-chain (with the temporary exception of BSC as that depends on some other work in progress).

The borrowing user interface is nearing completion and will likely be completed over the next week. Once that feature is shipped and with the lending user interface nearing completion, Omni routing will soon become our total focus.

While we are starting to think about the necessary DAO smart contracts, we do not believe that is a pre-requisite for going live.

The marketing pitch deck is also very nearly complete and we hope to be able to deliver that over this coming week.

We are thinking about additional ways to expand our community collaboration as we near completion of the product and we welcome the community to share ideas for this.

---

WS1: Omni routing (multi dex routing "library" code)
95%

WS2: Omni routing (UI)
25%

WS3: Borrowing UI
90%

WS4: Lending and Liquidation UI
80%

WS5: DAO smart contracts
Started

WS6: X7 DAO UI
Not Started

WS7: Marketing "Pitch Deck"
95%

WS8: Decentralization in hosting
50%

WS9: Developer Tools and Example Smart Contracts
75%

---

As always,

Trust no one. Trust Code.
