---
tags: [on-chains]
title: jan-26-2023 08:58:11 pm +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xa214f6bb0bd84d22bde4856a62bae6982541c4d5b7b6b76ccebf787cfe6874ba](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xa214f6bb0bd84d22bde4856a62bae6982541c4d5b7b6b76ccebf787cfe6874ba)

gm or gn.

We have deployed a number of new smart contracts but we want to draw your attention to a few details.

1. X7 Lending Discount Authority

   https://etherscan.io/address/0x74001e463b3c7dc95d96a1fdbe621678c24d47da

This contract manages what discounts will be applied during loan origination.

2. The X7 Borrowing Incentive NFT (X7BINCENTIVE)

   https://etherscan.io/address/0x7400199bba0274242f47e3b573aa5e775a0090b1#code

This set of NFTs can be minted by the contract owner (currently 0x7000a09c425ABf5173FF458dF1370C25d1C58105).

20 have been minted to the Discount Authority Committee Multisig (https://app.safe.global/eth:0x0E95C6855e5911649190ceA54F625A625D9760b4/home) and the multisig has been configured for 5/8 (with 0x7000a09c425ABf5173FF458dF1370C25d1C58105 remaining on the multisig as a failsafe, but which can be removed by the committee if they wish to act entirely independently).

No project is guaranteed to have success and the aim for these incentive NFTs is to help adoption not be a failsafe selection committee. The X7 Devs nor should the Discount Authority Committee strictly endorse the recipients of these incentives.

3. The first three Loan Term NFT contracts:

   X7ILL001: https://etherscan.io/address/0x7400165e167479a3c81c8fc8cc3df3d2a92e9017\
   X7ILL002: https://etherscan.io/address/0x740019a6b3a9cf3bd193986a560b05726143b217\
   X7ILL003: https://etherscan.io/address/0x74001c747b6cc9091ee63bc9424dff633fbac617

This is the modular component that will enable us to react quickly to market conditions and provide various different loan configurations to find the optimal product market fit (without needing to rebuild or rewrite our entire loan system). Astute code reviewers will notice that most of the three contracts share the same code and only a very small portion is different - the portion that configures the specific origination fee, premium fee, and payment terms.

From these contracts alone you can begin to explore the expected origination fee and premium fees that will be charged by the protocol.

---

We will soon be releasing the V1 Lending Pool contract. When a loan is originated it will be according to one of the above lending terms and a lending term NFT will be minted to the capital provider (either the lending pool itself or to a private lender). These NFTs have some guaranteed value in the context of principal repayment or liquidation as well as possible collections value on premiums. We expect and hope a secondary market will develop to improve lending liquidity. We have also considered the possibility that the ecosystem could auction them off, providing higher velocity of the lending pool funds.

The final contracts are the Xchange Factory/Pair and Xchange Router and OmniRouter. While some of the interface for these contracts will be revealed from the Lending Pool contract (since the lending pool itself interacts with the Factory, pair, and router), we intend to deploy the contracts unverified until we go live with the user interface.

Before this occurs we will initiate some on chain transactions demonstrating the full capability:

    Lending:
        Loan Origination
        Payments applied correctly
        Loan Liquidation
        Loan Completion through payment
        Loan Liquidation on malicious tokens
        Loan Capital protection against malicious tokens

    Xchange:
        Discount Application
        Fee Collection
        Failsafe fee withdrawal against malicious tokens

Along with the UI release we hope to provide you various other artifacts such as technical documentation, trust diagrams, audit documentation, etc.

We thank you for your patience as we work through these final release details!

We will follow up within the next 24 hours with respect to the questions posed by the community - we think you will be very satisfied with our answers!
