---
tags: [on-chains]
title: aug-25-2022 04:59:00 am +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x97e820c501dccf780d88c220ff8a470d6be7b396f74d34de3fc05d983be6d434](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x97e820c501dccf780d88c220ff8a470d6be7b396f74d34de3fc05d983be6d434)

GM or Gn wherever you are.

Great day of trading and building community and enthusiasm.

We have a small but impactful set of deliveries we will make in the coming days.

I wanted to draw your attention to one part of the diagram that has up to now been a mystery.

               +-------------+
               |             |
               |  Liquidity  |
               |     Hub     |
               |             |
               +-------------+

                  Contract:

                X7LiquidityHub

             Currently deployed at:

0x700000F7c2C71CAaB6b250CA85237117FF702ebb

You may have noticed that this contract is playing a central role in the diagram related to distributing liquidity within the ecosystem.

What was not yet revealed is exactly what role this will have beyond that related to the DEX.

Ask anyone about DeFi lending protocols and the word that comes to mind is:

              Overcollatoralized

(borrowing only as much as you already have)

Lest we give up first mover advantage we will not yet reveal the full details of the implementation, this ecosystem includes a psuedo-undercollatoralized loan protocol in the context of Initial Liquidity Offerings.

In that context it is possible for a borrower to borrow ETH and pay loan premiums, much like a traditional loan, and the liquidity pair itself can act as collatoral.

The liquidity hub will orchestrate these liquidity injection loans.

- Borrowing limits will scale with loan origination fees.
- Premiums will be paid on chain.
- Late payments will incur fees.
- Defaults will incur liquidity pair liquidation.
- Liquidations will occur via on chain finder transactions.

Loan proceeds will flow across the X700 series, x7dao governance token, and x7m105 reward token in the form of liquidity injections and buy backs.

x7dao governance will eventually handle loan term setting.

All contracts will be verified well in advance of use and audits will be paid for in advance of loan functionality going live.

Trust no one. Trust code. Long live DeFi.
