---
tags: [on-chains]
title: aug-23-2022 06:27:30 pm +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xcc5da2ecf5456289abb3769a2d58a5e16875cdd888dd0d7645778c3a8431b905](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xcc5da2ecf5456289abb3769a2d58a5e16875cdd888dd0d7645778c3a8431b905)

Please look at this diagram to understand the ecosystem:

               +--------+        +--------+
               |        |        |        |
               | x7m105 <--------+ x7dao  |
               |        |        |        |
               +----^---+        +--------+
                    |
                    +---------------+
                                    |
                         +-------+  |
                         |       |  |
                         |  ETH  |  |
                         |       |  |
                         +---^---+  |
                             |      |
                         +---v---+  |
                         |       |  |
                +--------> X7001 <--+-------+
                |        |       |  |       |

+-------+ +---v---+ +----^--+ | +---v---+ +-------+
| | | | | | | | | |
| ETH <---> X7005 | +------+-----++ | X7002 <---> ETH |
| | | <--+ +--> | | |
+-------+ +----^--+ | Liquidity | +--^----+ +-------+
| | Hub | |
| +--+ +--+ |
| | +------^------+ | | | +------^------+ | | |
+--v--v-+ | +-v--v--+
| | | | |
| X7004 <------ | ------> X7003 |
| | | | | | --+ | +---^---+
| | |
+---v---+ | +---v---+
| | | | |
| ETH | | | ETH |
| | | | |
+-------+ | +-------+
|
|
|
+--------------+---------------+
| |
| A Uniswap Fork Dex |
| |
| 1. An LP fee that pays into |
| the Liquidity Hub |
| |
| 2. A lower fee than uniswap |
| |
| 3. Website hosted on IPFS |
| for censorship resistence|
| |
+------------------------------+

1. The uniswap fork dex, which will have a lower LP fee than Uniswap, and will be optimal for DeFi Initial Liquidity Offerings.

2. The profit from the DEX will flow into the liquidity hub

   a) A portion will flow into the x7m105 as liquidity
   b) A portion will flow into the X7001-X7005 token network as liquidity

3. Arbitrager's will ensure that X7001-X7005 tokens will maintain a similar price (and due to liquidity tax and
   the DEX profits, these tokens will have a constantly rising floor).

4. Long term Holders of X7001-X7005 can expect an ever deepening liquidity pool and price floor as funds from the DEX flow in.

5. Short and mid term holders of X7001-X7005 can enjoy arbitrage opportunities across the pairs

6. In order to make arbitrage more practical the X7001-X7005 can be traded at a discounted fee by holding >= 50,000 x7dao tokens.

7. In the future we may offer a trading pass NFT that provides this same benefit. If we do so, we will be able to enable that on the existing tokens.

8. Due to the recent tornado cash sanctions, this project is intended to be censorship resistent by hosting the DEX frontend on IPFS and using on chain messages to communicate.

9. Long Live DeFi!

Trading Guide:

- When the X7001-X7005 pairs go live there may be incredible volatility due to MEV bot arbitrage. This will feed into x7m105. Please swing trade at your own risk or do not trade at all on these tokens. They are meant as a "liquidity sink" for long term holding and price appreciation and provide a platform for MEV bots to exchange money in various ways ;)

- In order to ensure the community can secure reasonably priced positions of X7001-X7005, trading will be limited for 10 minutes to holders of at least 20k of x7dao will.

- There are typical max transaction and max wallet limitations for the first 10 minutes of trading that will be automatically lifted after 10 minutes from launch.

- Holders of >= 50k x7dao will get a fee discount on the tokens.

- The safest hold is x7m105.

- x7dao is a utility token and will be traded by swing traders and held by power users of the ecosystem.

- The X7001-X7005 are an experiment in shared, linked liquidity. Short term price action may be extreme due to MEV bots taking advantage of arbitrage. Long term holding will be stable due to the injected liquidity from the dex. Swign trade these at your own risk.

- A one hour warning will be made on chain prior to X7001-X7005 going live.

Note:

This project is a multi dev, decentralized, defi collaboration with additional moving parts. We have chosen to run this project in this way to ensure maximum censorship resistence. We do not ask you to trust us. We ask that you see the code, the protocol, and make your own judgement.

All associated marketing and dev wallets are individually controlled by various collaborators and their actions are solely their actions. Let the smart contracts and the code speak for itself.

Trust no one. Trust code. Long live DeFi.

———————————
Aug-22-2022 09:22:18 am +utc
https://etherscan.io/tx/0x17e7790e8e03d928d026bb7eef1e9a1b203164bdb04999c2fc74c164edffb04d

The X7 Protocol is an experimental, self-stabilizing, decentralized, multi token liquidity pool cluster.

The X700 series is an alpha release of te X7 protocol.

The X7 Protocol provides interconnected liquidity pools connected via a network of liquidity pairs and stabilized through decentralized liquidity providing hub protocol.

Participants in this alpha release will be granted privilaged and early access to future iterations of the protocol.

The X7 protocol is an advanced trading platform. Trade at your own risk.

Happy trading!
