---
tags: [on-chains]
title: june-13-2023 06:18:35 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xda42e98bd2fe3b8a6dbc35811271751c5603e1966023b091da2f8220cbe140f6](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xda42e98bd2fe3b8a6dbc35811271751c5603e1966023b091da2f8220cbe140f6)

gm or gn.

A total of four loans have been originated since we went live with the beta swap and loan UI. It is useful to dwell on some of the numbers associated with these loans to understand the capital returns for this lending activity. Please find a summary below. All values are in ETH.

Total Lent: 13 ETH

Loan Origination Returns:

    Ecosystem Splitter: 0.380833   ( 2.92% return)\
    X7100:              0.9520825  ( 7.32% return)\
    X7DAO:              0.09520825 ( 0.73% return)\
    Lending Pool:       0.47604125 ( 3.66% return)

    Total Loan Origination Return: 14.65% return

Premium Fee Collection Returns:

    Ecosystem Splitter: 0.114065625 ( 0.88% return)\
    X7100:              0.114065625 ( 0.88% return)\
    X7DAO:              0.304175    ( 2.34% return)\
    Lending Pool:       0.07604375  ( 0.58% return)\

    Total Premium Return: 4.68% return

Overall, the ecosystem saw a 19.33% return on the loaned capital. It is also useful to note that the lending pool itself grew, receiving a 4.24% return. If we maintain a high capital utilization rate, this percentage will compound and the overall ecosystem owned lending pool will grow rapidly.

A number of the loans ended up missing a premium or principal payment and were liquidated. These loan defaults resulted in zero cost or loss of capital to the ecosystem as liquidations occurred from self-interested independent actors (including frontrunning bots) and the full principal amounts were returned to the lending pool. It should be noted that although these loan defaults resulted in severely depressed liquidity reserves in their respective Xchange pairs, the pairs remained functional and traders were free to continue swapping through that pair.

---

This week the development team focused primarily on bug fixes, UI features and improvements. As of the publishing of this message automatic dex selection is live! Xchange will now select a route through the optimal dex implementations (Uniswap V2/V3, Xchange, and in the future other implementations). This will resolve the primary challenges we observed using the beta swap UI and will prevent bad routes through under-liquified pairs. Since this user experience is essentially backwards compatible with the existing experience on app.x7.finance we will be deploying the updated site to app.x7.finance. We will maintain both beta.x7.finance and app.x7.finance for the foreseeable future.

We expect fast follow on deployments for an optimized loan UI and payment experience as well as BSC support.

With this work done we will return to the previously published workstreams, especially documentation and marketing collateral and our decentralization efforts.

Trust no one. Trust code. Long Live DeFi.
