---
tags: [on-chains]
title: july-11-2023 07:23:59 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xd53c332221f5d5c8763498634fe5b7a07f72f7d1a75f01635d53147dbe048ae3](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xd53c332221f5d5c8763498634fe5b7a07f72f7d1a75f01635d53147dbe048ae3)

gm or gn

Our focus over the last week has been primarily working on four initiatives:

1. Wallet Connect V2: We shipped some additional wallet connect changes to fully support Wallet Connect V2 to both beta and app sites. We hope this takes care of any of the issues that users were experiencing.

2. BSC Support: We have a close-to-finished version of the Xchange UI that supports BSC. Much of our previous work adapting the routing to work with multiple implementations of the Uniswap protocol (of which Xchange and the BSC incumbent PancakeSwap are) has supported these changes well. However, the existence of multiple V2 AND V3 implementations is requiring some additional cycles to complete. We will likely ship a preview site with BSC support within the next 24 hours and then work on finalizing the styling and validating all the routing logic in this more complex on chain reality. This work, however, will further allow us to support chains with multiple viable V3 and V2 implementations.

3. Open Source Readiness: We strongly believe that getting the community involved in development of the Xchange UI is a critical milestone in acceleration of development and ultimately the handoff to the DAO. We hope and expect this work to be completed within this following week and the code to be made fully open source on the X7 community github organization. We again recognize that this work offers no "features" for users but we think it is an absolutely critical step to take for the health of the project. If we hope to be around in a year, five years, or ten years from now it will be because we are flexible and adaptable to new chains, new AMM protocols, new products and features, and new user personas.

4. Router Smart Contracts: We have been considering ways to account for the overall usage of Xchange in terms of swaps performed and volume for trades. We would not ever instrument the UI to record user information so any measurement would need to occur based on on-chain behavior. We are planning on deploying a number of new router contracts that will route trades through OUR deployed smart contracts whether it is for Xchange or Uniswap (this is possible because the Uniswap routers are peripheral contracts that are not strictly tied into the uniswap/pancake swap factory contracts). Once these contracts are deployed and these changes made we will be able to run analytics and track adoption better - arming the community, marketing, and sales apparatuses with much needed information.

---

We are encouraged to see some new projects crop up that are either interested in using the Xchange platform or in some cases integrating with it (in whatever form that might take). X7 was built with the philosophy that in DeFi if you can do it, you can do it. Whether that is in the form of purpose built Xchange launch pads or token lockers, decentralized file servers or node providers, or other ancillary projects that contribute revenue to the DAO (via sending ETH to the Ecosystem Splitter) and pitching the community on absorption into the project, the X7 Devs support it with only the caveat...

Trust no one. Trust code. Long Live DeFi.
