---
tags: [on-chains]
title: july-04-2023 07:42:59 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x4cdc729be9eb224aca2b6a0622d059ac8021d0bb60dc9798568c7affd89e60be](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x4cdc729be9eb224aca2b6a0622d059ac8021d0bb60dc9798568c7affd89e60be)

gm or gn.

It has been a busy week for X7!

We have been working on a number of parallel tracks:

- We continued preparing the Xchange interface git repository to be open sourced. This repository contains the complete history of the uniswap/interface and various uniswap libraries (which we are building on top of and modifying to fit our needs). We are also working through a significant code DELETION exercise so that the codebase makes sense to any developers looking to contribute to it. We recognize that in general "we ship features, we do not ship code" (https://youtu.be/o9pEzgHorH0?t=98), however as a decentralized product the ability for developers around the world, old and new, to contribute to this project is critical. This is the machine that makes the machine (https://youtu.be/f9uveu-c5us?t=20) and we think it is critical work to the long term success of X7 Finance.

- Upgrading WalletConnect support for V2 (this was a third party deprecation that affected MANY web3 projects and this upgrade has been no small feat. The work is almost done, however.).

- Working on a number of third party integrations/aggregators. These kinds of integrations are critical to expand our reach beyond our relatively small dedicated community.

  - ParaSwap
  - KyberSwap
  - DefiLlama
  - Others...

- Testing the Initial Liquidity Loan term contract update that will allow for incremental premium and principal payments concurrently. Once we have finished testing this will replace ILL002 (likely as ILL004).

- We are still working on BSC support for Xchange, but some of the above changes were important to create a more stable code base to layer this support on top of.

---

In addition to these above specific progress areas, we have been watching the market and the projects using Xchange Initial Liquidity Loans. As a living project we have the agency to quickly react to the market, be it in terms of pricing, features, or overall product offering. We are very actively thinking about ways in which Xchange and X7 Finance can be the top destination for devs to launch projects from (with or without an Initial Liquidity Loan) and the top destination for traders to swap tokens.

One fact is abundantly clear - while the UniswapV2 protocol (a protocol implemented by Xchange and others) remains king among AMM implementations, Uniswap has all but abandoned it in favor of Uniswap V3, NFTs, and the shiny-new-thing Uniswap V4. We believe there is a growing gap between what DeFi traders want for daily use and what Uniswap is willing or able to provide and support. This gap is ripe for the taking and we encourage community feedback and brainstorming for how to capitalize on this - we have ideas but we like to hear all ideas and pick the best for execution!

Finally, we would encourage everyone to take a breath and recognize what a journey it has been and will continue to be. We are "building in the bear" like we should - and every minute now is an investment in the future of crypto, DeFi, and X7 Finance. Thank you for taking this journey with us, and congratulations for building such an amazing community of pioneers.

Long Live DeFi!
