---
tags: [on-chains]
title: feb-10-2023 09:44:59 pm utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x1114d5092906a51ff12add851114a4cd54a8564be509039d7555f82671b90eb4](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x1114d5092906a51ff12add851114a4cd54a8564be509039d7555f82671b90eb4)

gm or gn.

The primary configuration for all chains is complete. We will be doing a validation exercise across all of the contracts both on private forks and live on chain to ensure proper configuration and operation of the more than 30 contracts in the ecosystem. This will also allow final validation of the UI integration across all chains (as well as support for minting and dashboarding at x7.finance).

Astute chain observers may have noticed that in place of token liquidity hubs we have deployed purpose built token time locks that hold 100% of the supply of each of X7R, X7DAO, and the X7100 series tokens. These contracts have a time lock engaged (each was started with 30 days). As we go live, and revenue from the product begins to fund the ecosystem, these contracts will collect native token liquidity (ETH on Arbitrum and Optimism, BNB on BSC, Matic on Polygon). Until we are generating the needed revenue to fund liquidity on these chains (possibly augmented by other means if we have excess operational funds) we will continue to extend the timelock in 30 day increments.

The airdrop is coming, but you will have fair warning in the form of a non-extended timelock and the setting and freezing of the destination from these contracts into an airdropper/launch contract. The timelock + frozen destination mechanism will ensure that investors and researchers have ample time to evaluate the plan and determine their strategy. Our goal will be, first and foremost, to act in a fiduciary capacity to our ethereum chain investors. Once each chain ecosystem is operating independently, the DAO on each chain can take over responsibility for acting in the best interests of investors of the tokens on that chain.

There are MANY things being worked on that all must be ready and go live roughly at the same time at launch. We appreciate your patience as we finalize these details.

We recently heard Rob The Bank (an outstanding community member and marketer) suggesting that there are 70+ projects he is personally in discussion with to launch or relaunch on Xchange. We will make sure these teams have the technical documentation, the website reliability, the contract functionality to thrive on this new platform.
