---
tags: [on-chains]
title: jan-29-2023 09:21:59 pm utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x35f95de3040e479bcb244b712dbce17dd9c393116d568748e684c0992c510f04](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x35f95de3040e479bcb244b712dbce17dd9c393116d568748e684c0992c510f04)

gm or gn.

We wanted to share some information going into the week.

1. X7D Minting and ROI

In the fullness of time we will be providing NFTs to wrap the X7D. This wrapping of X7D is necessary to time lock blocks of X7D to ensure that there are funds available to lend (above and beyond the ecosystem owned X7D) and to properly calculate the yield from these assets based on measurable lending activity.

However, from a cold start context where the yield is extremely hard to calculate or predict we are considering offering a one time incentive program to reward early X7D minters. The details of this program are not yet decided upon, but will be designed to incentive X7D minters that mint (and do not unmint) X7D for at least 90 days. We will announce the details as they become available and are implemented. But you can be assured early contributions to the lending pool through X7D will not only communally benefit the ecosystem but will be matched with financial reward.

We want to re-iterate that the risk/reward profile for X7D is different from the X7R, X7DAO, and X7100, with the risk and reward lower by design. The design of X7D is to have a value that will never fall below the value of ETH itself. However through the above mentioned programs there are ways to earn yield on top of X7D that should easily outpace any other risk-free ETH yield. The intention is for X7D to be a great instrument to park ETH that would otherwise just be held dormantly. And while there may be protocol risk and opportunity cost risk, the design of the asset is to be risk free in terms of ETH. 1 X7D will always be redeemable for 1 ETH.

2. Multi-chain strategy

We have not released the details of the X7 multi-chain strategy yet, but we wanted to share a couple of details to assure our current holders that our strategy will only increase the value of their investment.

The market cap of the X7 ecosystem on any particular chain is and should always be a function of the real ROI of the product and TVL. Because of this, it should be clear that the market cap of the X7 ecosystem is mostly independant on a per-chain basis - e.g. the value of an X7DAO governance token on ETH may be worth more or less to investors than an X7DAO governance token on Arbitrum or Binance Smart Chain.

We will go live with Xchange, borrowing, lending, revenue splitting, and profit splitting on other chains as soon as we can in concert with the full release on Ethereum.

The tokens however will not go live until we have built up a sufficient amount of initial liquidity for the tokens on any particular chain.

When the tokens do go live all X7 token holders on Ethereum will be airdropped vested tokens and/or be given an opportunity to take a cash payout for their share of tokens. We will set prices and payouts to ensure that there will be no incentive to exit an Ethereum X7 Token position in order to gain an "early" L1 or L2 ecosystem X7 token position. On the contrary, the more tokens held on Ethereum, the greater the reward will be when the tokens and ecosystem are released on other chains.

Long live DeFi!
