---
tags: [on-chains]
title: jan-10-2023 05:51:23 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x0c4b1239306c9cbfd3d16130f3421c4f7fc39a588ec9a7ee9920d9260e710da3](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x0c4b1239306c9cbfd3d16130f3421c4f7fc39a588ec9a7ee9920d9260e710da3)

Q: Is it possible to launch on Xchange without leveraged liquidity?
A: It will be entirely possible to launch on Xchange without leveraged liquidity. When Xchange goes live we will not have a liquidity lock partner. However, we think that a clear opportunity exists to provide a low cost, integrated LP token lock solution that can be surfaced within the Xchange UI. While LP token locks do not guarantee safety, they are most certainly one standard element in DeFi that can be used to decrease risk.

Q: Will we be swapping out our own contracts liquidity to utilize X7 LP's, i.e. X7R and X7DAO?
A: This is definitely something that should be done. The existing LP tokens are locked in the X7TokenLocker contract. We will provide an LP migration contract to migrate the liquidity for when the lock expires. We expect by the time the lock expires the decision to proceed will ultimately be up to the DAO. The X7 Devs will however author relevant contracts and make the relevant DAO proposals to drive the process. The X7TokenLocker was designed with this sort of trustless use case in mind.

Q: Is there a minimum liquidity pair value to get started? (Can I deposit 0.01ETH and have 10ETH?)
A: The current lending terms that will be deployed initially will allow for 10x leverage within preset minimum and maximum lent liquidity with a goal of maximizing lending pool utilization and capacity. As outlined in the whitepaper, the various available loan terms will be something that we will iterate on and add to over time, both in terms of leverage and in terms of minimum and maximum loan amounts. This is highly market driven and we expect it will be a major product management activity as we provide loan terms that fit various market segments.

Xchange Initial Liquidity Loans are useful for the opportunistic, short lived, degenerate market (a market segment overlooked by many non-defi-natives).

Xchange Initial Liquidity Loans are also useful for real world businesses looking to make a large market for business. In this context, Initial Liquidity Loans are a DeFi version of IPO underwriters and market makers. We think real world businesses - a restaurant, a coffee shop, a production company - could put up $10k, make a market for their token starting at $100k and allow for retail investors to participate in the financial side of their business while providing initial capital. This use case is almost impossible to support without a form of pseudo-undercollatoralization. Xchange is able to support this use case for the mass market.

Q: If a leverage liquidity pair is in default how does it function if the creator's liquidity tokens are locked in unicrypt for example?
A: Without giving away too much detail, Initial Liquidity Loans are safeguarded through a mechanism that operates outside the context of LP tokens. LP tokens grant the holder a portion of the reserves held in the liquidity pair. If a loan defaults and is liquidated, the total balance of ETH will be reduced in the pair. This will appear as an ETH reserve decrease - which is a price and liquidity decrease - but will otherwise not adversely affect the operation of the liquidity pair, LP tokens, or trading. Any outstanding LP tokens will still grant the holder the same percentage of the reserves - those reserves will just be reduced to pay back the loan.

For some tokens, the remaining liquidity after the liquidation will adversely affect the token market (as a default on a liability would affect any business). However, if you look historically at many very successful projects, the initial liquidity is a very small fraction of the current liquidity.

If you take X7's tokens for example, they all started with 1 ETH or less. If 1 ETH was "liquidated" now from one of these liquidity pairs if they had been leveraged launches, it would not materially affect the project. For some borrowers "liquidation" may not actually be an adverse event - it will just be a way to close the loan.

Q: Can a project exist and/or be live with both a Uniswap LP and an Xchange LP?
A: It is certainly possible, but it may not be advantageous. From an Xchange UI perspective, Xchange will be able to offer users the most advantageous trade that has the deepest liquidity from among the possible candidates. However, arbitrageurs will be able to skim profits from any differences in price. Additionally, token contracts that collect token fees on trades would need to take care to mark both the Uniswap pair and Xchange pair as automated market making contracts. Some existing token contracts have this flexibility and others do not. This will definitely be an area in which technical documentation can provide solidity code examples for optimal inter-operation.

Q: In this scenario - if leveraged liquidity is used and technically the eth is locked in the system. What happens if the contract has a mint function to mint new tokens and the creator can sell the tokens for eth in the pool and default on the loan?
A: Xchange cannot protect investors from bad actors with malignant smart contracts. Xchange can and will protect the loaned funds. If, for example, a contract had a mint function that could produce an unlimited number of tokens, and the recipient of those tokens sold all of them into the Xchange pair, if one of their sells would decrease the WETH balance of the pair below the initial liquidity amount, that sell transaction will fail. Xchange is not a silver bullet against all scams. But Xchange and the lending pool system are designed to safeguard loaned funds through failsafe safeguards.

--

We highly encourage investors, interested parties, potential users, and any one else to ask questions about X7. We will do our best to answer these questions to the best of our ability and in as timely fashion as we can accomodate.

Any outstanding questions not answered above will be addressed as soon as is practical.
