---
tags: [on-chains]
title: dec-16-2022 12:32:23 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x8e17442bb80f204693ed5e39bad0b6d3ab466d33c411bc84f15af694f4cfa293](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x8e17442bb80f204693ed5e39bad0b6d3ab466d33c411bc84f15af694f4cfa293)

gm or gn.

Please find below our year end update.

## Development Update

We have not dived too deep into the technical details of Xchange, but we want to reveal some specific enhancements to the swap experience we will be releasing that are critical for decentralization and providing the most financially advantageous swap experience.

1. Many decentralized exchanges fork the Uniswap UI and either use existing centralized API's or host their own centralized backend API's. We have taken care to remove all centralized API communication and are relying solely on on-chain data for the functionality of the swap.

2. We will initially support Metamask and Wallet Connect as identity providers and will continue to add more as the market need exists (Coinbase Wallet, etc.).

3. We thought long and hard about the market migration to Xchange (and the possibility that some pairs remain on Uniswap indefinitely to take advantage of the higher liquidity provider fees such as on large stablecoin pairs). In addition to the core routing operations between pairs on Xchange (e.g. WETH -> Token A -> Token B ) we are be supporting cross DEX liquidity routing. This is to support swaps like WETH -> Uniswap Pair for Token A -> Xchange Swap for Token B. In addition, our routing algorithm will select the most advantageous route to take either on Uniswap, Xchange, or across multiple pairs on both exchanges. The routing algorithm will initially be solely client side (with contract support to make the optimal swaps in a single transaction). In the future we will provide a limited on chain cross-dex routing algorithm to allow for on-chain integrations. This may seem like a great but optional feature, but after running through many simulations of liquidity scenarios we identified significant risk of bad actors creating shallow liquidity pairs on Xchange for assets like USDC and creating financially inadvantageous swap routes. This feature will also enable a seamless migration process of pairs that eventually choose to migrate permanently to Xchange. Users using Xchange for swapping on the Uniswap pair will effectively see no difference in their swap experience post migration to Xchange pairs. We also will continue to iterate on this cross DEX swap capability to ensure Xchange users have access to the deepest liquidity pairs available on the blockchain.

4. We identified a feature limitation within Uniswap that prevents token contracts from market buying "themselves". This means that token contract driven buy backs are not viable on Uniswap pairs (which in part necessitates external contracts like the Liquidity Hubs that X7 Finance has). We have removed this limitation to give token developers additional flexibility in building trustless token contracts.

5. The trust relationships between the token pair, the factory, the lending pool, liquidation capability, the router, the discount authority for DEX discounts requires that we allow for many of these contracts to take actions on the pair. We have built a trust system within the factory contract that will enable multiple contracts to utilize the lower level features of the pair contract. This will support not only the core capabilities that we have revealed, but also seamless upgrades to the lending pool or liquidation contracts.

## Marketing Update

Our marketing strategy has mostly been organic and opportunistic with Telegram buy bot advertisements.

We will be doing a trial run banner ad campaign on https://houdiniswap.com, a privacy forward token transfer service. This will be a short cost efficient campaign that we think will target the right privacy-forward demograph that will understand core principles of X7 Finance.

## Lending Pool Update

The lending pool will become X7 Finance's biggest asset, and the pool reserve is growing very well given the current macro market environment. Much as a business might report on cash reserves, run rate, and capacity, as a DAO we must regularly review the lending pool capacity to ensure that it can be used most effectively to drive revenue. Our strategy of allocating the maximum allocation from the Ecosystem Splitter into the Lending Pool outlet is paying off.

## Release Timeline

1. We will be releasing the decentralized Uniswap compatible swap in the next few hours at beta.x7.finance. This is a public beta site that will be used for community feedback as we add features. This UI currently supports Uniswap only.
2. We will release the final version within the next 168 hours after community testing and feedback at app.x7.finance.
3. We will incrementally add features and performance improvements with a goal of going live with the fully featured Xchange and Lending Pool in january.

As other parts of the ecosystem are tested and audited we will provide timelines for their release.
