---
tags: [on-chains]
title: sep-19-2022 08:02:59 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xb5ecfd171ca241d2f0004cdd38460a42101480f20f452a63ce3c9d724135419b](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xb5ecfd171ca241d2f0004cdd38460a42101480f20f452a63ce3c9d724135419b)

gm or gn.

As you should be able to observe on chain, the team has been rolling out various components of the v2 ecosystem as well as verifying each peice for community scrutiny.

Once every smart contract has been deployed and verified we will provide a full listing of all active contract addresses.

The migration contract is in its final testing phase and should be ready for use very soon.

Per our previous messaging, the migration process itself will occur in multiple phases to ensure smoothness, correctness, participation, and trustlessness.

We will announce on chain when the migration goes live. Here is a timeline of expected events

1. Migration Dapp/contract goes live.
2. 24 hours later NFT mint goes live (whitelisted for those who have submitted their tokens to the migration contract).
3. 24 hours later we upload the full list of v1 token holders for community review. The methodology for the snapshot will support buying and selling on existing wallet addresses until the moment of migration for maximal convenience and safety for the community.
4. 24 hours later we execute the migration and immediately all v2 tokens will be live for trading.

We appreciate the amazing support of the community and the community leaders as X7 continues to be a bright light in the current macroeconomic climate.

Long Live DeFi.
