---
tags: [on-chains]
title: aug-28-2022 02:04:48 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xd934208782de6414e4f9a35b8fc79aaf58ca749fb14aadf0594e3bcd3e733191](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xd934208782de6414e4f9a35b8fc79aaf58ca749fb14aadf0594e3bcd3e733191)

gm or gn wherever you are.

Over the next 12 hours we will be rolling out the following:

    1. Forked Uniswap Factory and Pair implementations that support "leveraged pairs".

    2. Forked Uniswap Router implemeantion that supports creating "leveraged pairs".

    3. An upgraded liquidity hub contract that manages the lending lifecycle. The first supported leveraged asset will be ETH/WETH. Other ERC20 tokens may supported in future iterations. ERC20 tokens that have an ability to blacklist addresses will never be supported due to the risk it imposes to lenders.

    4. A new ETH splitter component to effectively divide future token fees and other operating revenue among the shared multi-signature wallet and individual contributors as needed.

The factory and router enable token and pair creation. Any new tokens created by our team should be interpreted as test tokens for the dex and lending capabiltiies unless validated on chain.

The X7 ecosystem is being released and tested incrementally in a live setting to ensure it will stand the test of time as a critical capability within DeFi.

Early adopters testing each component are greatly appreciated, and we hope everyone will find great financial reward in this endeavor as well.

Coming up:

    * trading pass and lending discount NFTs\
    * DEX and Lending UI\
    * Whitepaper
