---
tags: [on-chains]
title: may-30-2023 04:50:47 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xd746c3af6933129750a9f144f1bfa3c0e2fb656fd53911d7b05230d139c55cc4](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xd746c3af6933129750a9f144f1bfa3c0e2fb656fd53911d7b05230d139c55cc4)

gm or gn.

A jam packed week with another jam packed week to follow.

Thank you everyone that participated in the live AMA event. We hope that it shed some light on the project and answered some questions. We hope to find some future opportunities to do more as we know that the ecosystem has a lot of moving parts and the details are often opaque to most.

We also greatly appreciate the use of snapshot.org to run advisory votes. The X7 DAO will control various parts of the X7 ecosystem and it will be ideal to optimize the actual on chain votes cast; so advisory votes seems like a good way to "read the room" before advocating for on chain vote casts. During the AMA, one of our answers was related to the DAO and staked DAO tokens.

    "That is why a significant portion of the premiums receipts are paid into the DAO. Once governance is live (and sDAO - staked DAO tokens) are live, this value will flow directly to DAO token stakers in native currency. This will incentivize the DAO to iterate on the ecosystem design to maximize this payout."

This value/payment is intended in part to incentivize behavior but also as a gas rebate for participating in governance. We hope, and are confident it will be so, that the X7 DAO will be as close to an idealized DAO as one can come, with a mix of decentralization, individual contribution, true trustless ecosystem control, and ultimately the ability to coordinate the management of massive ecosystem and investor capital.

Maxi NFT mint prices were increased, as indicated. We strive for value pricing in the X7 ecosystem and we think that this price increase on Ethereum is consistent with the value that will be delivered.

We will be deploying a number of additional test tokens, not only on Ethereum but also on other chains to ensure the proper functioning of the ecosystem prior to beta go live. These test tokens have strict whitelists to prevent true crypto degens from buying them for the culture.

We will also be moving funds from the lending pool reserves to the lending pools on other chains. For now, without the backstop of X7100 tokens configured we will be operating in a fractional reserve mode for X7D. These funds are NEVER at risk, now or in the future, but they can be IN USE. We will target a 30% fractional reserve for user contributed X7D. (e.g. if we have 30 X7D deposited by users, 10 X7D will remain in the Lending Pool Reserve contract and 20 X7D will remain in the Lending Pool contract). We will monitor the fractions and either call fundLendingPool on the Lending Pool Reserve contract or returnETHToLendingPoolReserve on the Lending Pool V1 contract to keep things balanced.

Everything is coming together for a successful beta launch, and we hope to have a few early adopters use the functionality of the system. Real user testing is critical to find user interface bugs, unusual or confusing user experience flows, and improvement opportunities. This beta launch will give us some of this experience so we will be ready for meteoric adoption when we move out of beta into full release. For example, users mentioned that the beta (and main) site had rather ominous warnings on many browsers. We reviewed some of our current hosting settings and found that the warnings may have been caused by analytics code that was being injected into the site pages. We reconfigured these settings for maximum privacy and were able to confirm that these warnings no longer appear.

One specific deliverable that will land in the next day or two will be example solidity, python and javascript suitable to use for loan origination and payoff. This code will be delivered via a pull request into the community github repository, and will initiate a hopefully fruitful collaborative relationship among the inaugural devs and the folks that are shouldering the community dev effort.

Please find below a workstream progress update for 2023-05-29. We slowly creep towards 100% of everything. The DAO work will begin in earnest post beta launch.

---

WS1.1: Omni routing (multi dex routing "library" code)\
 95%

WS1.2: Omni routing (multi dex select "library" code)\
 100%

WS2: Omni routing (UI)\
 85%

WS3: Borrowing UI\
 99%

WS4: Lending and Liquidation UI\
 90%

WS5: DAO smart contracts\
 Started

WS6: X7 DAO UI\
 Not Started

WS7: Marketing "Pitch Deck"\
 95%

WS8: Decentralization in hosting\
 50%

WS9: Developer Tools and Example Smart Contracts\
 85%

---

As always,

Trust no one. Trust Code. Long Live DeFi.
