---
tags: [on-chains]
title: mar-21-2023 05:27:47 pm utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x9e9cc3787170591bc3e625e8140281f56cb1b32ee40dc2caeae766bccb7f40b1](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x9e9cc3787170591bc3e625e8140281f56cb1b32ee40dc2caeae766bccb7f40b1)

gm or gn.

Please see below for a quick project update.

We wanted to briefly explain why the release of a fully functional UI for Xchange is taking as long as it is (and certainly longer than any of us or you hoped).

All of the blockchain pieces have been properly deployed, configured and tested to allow for loans and swaps. The client side routing necessary to swap across and through multiple pairs created by different UniswapV2 and UniswapV3 factories is essential for a safe and easy swap experience. This work is ongoing as fast as possible but it is very challenging work.

This capacity, cross implementation swapping, is not only good, but it is necessary to ensure that adversarial actors do not create pairs on Xchange or on Uniswap (or Pancakeswap, or Sushiswap) that would dilute the buying power of non-native assets such as stablecoins. The only way to mitigate this threat is to ensure that we provide swap paths through the deepest pair liquidity possible.

Additionally, with the freeing of the UniswapV3 protocol in the next couple of weeks, we expect UniswapV3 implementations to be deployed across many chains. It will be critical to rapidly onboard successful implementations onto Xchange so as to ensure the Xchange UI can continue to be the best place for users to swap.

Any efforts we make on user acquisition will be in vain if we do not provide this critical cross-implementation swap capability.

This delay is the cost we must pay to maximize marketing efforts post go-live.

We thank you the community for sticking with us and just want to reiterate the value proposition of not ONLY our one of a kind loan facility but also the overwhelming benefit of rapid onboarding of newly deployed third party UniswapV2 and UniswapV3 implementations and the deep liquidity that those implementations will provide.

There is light at the end of the tunnel. Please hang tight.

Long Live DeFi!
