---
tags: [on-chains]
title: jan-31-2023 06:38:23 pm +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x1ee079aa7b10b9037f0fc5030efc29f943e72e334de5cbec3cdcab83f4f2ec43](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x1ee079aa7b10b9037f0fc5030efc29f943e72e334de5cbec3cdcab83f4f2ec43)

gm or gn.

We have prepped deployer wallets for the following contracts:

    1. Xchange Factory (and pair)\
    2. Xchange Router\
    3. Xchange RouterWithDiscounts\
    4. X7LendingPoolV1

These contracts will be deployed and configured over the next 12 hours or so.

Following this we will deploy a number of test tokens to do on chain demonstrations of the capabilities:

    1. Initial Liquidity Loans for all three active lending terms\
    2. Incremental payback of these loans\
    3. Loan payoff\
    4. Loan liquidation

We will additionally deploy a number of test tokens that with various pathological features to demonstrate

    1. Failsafety of loaned liquidity\
    2. Failsafety of fee collected liquidity

These pathological tokens include features such as mint functionality (rugpull), transfer halting (honeypotting), and high gas on transfers and balance checks.

All test tokens will be strictly whitelisted to prevent trading or speculation as their purpose is strictly technical demonstration.

After all on chain demonstrations have completed we will provide a full summary and narrative explanation for these transactions within our technical documentation.

During this week we will also be deploying the entire ecosystem (without X7 token trading or initial lending pool funding) on BSC, Optimism, Polygon, and Arbitrum as well as the various testnets for the same.

This will allow us to work on third party integrations with all relevant aggregators and dex info providers while the UI is undergoing final testing.

The Xchange UI will go live on all of these chains simultaneously.

A new dawn is upon us.

Long Live DeFi!
