---
tags: [on-chains]
title: dec-30-2022 11:53:23 pm +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xc3c8ef63a697eec2c6c6447b0223114d87f9f73a2ce8f97a258def606be6daa5](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xc3c8ef63a697eec2c6c6447b0223114d87f9f73a2ce8f97a258def606be6daa5)

GM or GN.

Going into the new year we will be rolling out the smart contracts for multiple remaining pieces of the ecosystem.

The first contracts you will see will be:

1. The X7D token contract. This will be similar to WETH in that it will start with 0 supply, and supply will fluctuate (mint and burn) as ETH is deposited and withdrawn from the ecosystem.

2. A gnosis multisig wallet that will be used to manage the X7D token ownership prior to DAO control turnover. The X7D token contract will assign trusted minter and redeemer smart contracts to manage deposits and withdrawals. To provide safety to the ecosystem this will be controlled by a gnosis multisignature wallet to reduce centralization risk.

3. A lending pool reserve contract. This contract will be set as the LENDING_POOL outlet on the ecosystem splitter and will allow for incremental funding of the lending pool during this ramp up period. Once we have deployed it and configured the ecosystem splitter with its address, we will update the website dashboard to show the lending pool balance (and we recommend any community dashboards update as well). ETH sent into this contract will cause X7D tokens to be minted and sent to the X7 Token Locker. The lock time for the X7D token will be set to a short period of time (30-60 days) during this ramp up phase, and will ultimately be extended to a lock time similar to the LP tokens currently locked up (~1 year). These X7D tokens will be the long term mechanism the DAO can use to migrate funds from the lending pool if it ever becomes necessary.

Following those contracts, you will see:

4. The v1 lending pool contract. The lending pool itself will be an X7D redeemer, which means that you can present it with X7D and it will burn it in return for ETH (provided that its current balance is sufficient at that time to cover the withdrawal). This mechanism will enable ecosystem participants to deposit X7D into the lending pool reserve and withdraw ETH from the lending pool as available. This is one mechanism we can use to bootstrap initial liquidity for the lending pool.

5. The first three Loan Term NFT contracts (representing the three loan terms outlined in the whitepaper). These will specify the loan terms, provide cost quotes and manage the loan state lifecycle.

6. The Lending Pool Discount Authority contract.

7. The XchangeFactory and XchangePair contracts. These will be configured to trust the lending pool to manage liquidity pair fail safes related to initial liquidity loans.

8. The V1 XchangeRouter - a near equivalent of the UniswapV2 router, directed at the Xchange factory (and pairs).

9. The V1 XchangeOmniRouter, a cross dex router that will allow for seamless swaps across Uniswap and Xchange pairs. This is critical to provide XChange users with the deepest available liquidity possible, especially for swapping through existing stablecoin pairs like USDC/WETH, USDT/WETH, and DAI/WETH. We want to ensure that users of Xchange will not have their trades routed through low liquidity pairs if possible (such as a nascent USDC/WETH pair on Xchange). This OmniRouter will mitigate the bad actor threat of shallow liquidity pairs being created on Xchange to attempt to profit from the manufactured arbitrage opportunity this would afford. In the future we will offer mechanisms for migrating LP from uniswap (and other DEXs) to Xchange in a trustless and game-theoretically advantageous way.

The set of contracts described above will provide a fully working Xchange and Lending Pool ecosystem. They are being rolled out strategically to preserve our competitive advantage for the longest time possible.

Enjoy the remaining calm of 2022. See you in the New Year!
