---
tags: [on-chains]
title: dec-14-2022 06:50:59 pm +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x59a600eb9f2b2c96901d2adab2dd426e054c88e9c9a4f393b2be6530c0c228a7](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x59a600eb9f2b2c96901d2adab2dd426e054c88e9c9a4f393b2be6530c0c228a7)

gm or gn.

A quick note before tomorrow.

PIONEER NFT:

Pioneer NFT holders have until the end of 2022-12-15 to select your art variant.

Visit https://x7.finance/x/nft/pioneer or run the selectVariant function on the pioneer contract ( https://etherscan.io/address/0x70000299ee8910ccacd97b1bb560e34f49c9e4f7#writeContract ).

Once we have disabled variant selection, any NFTs for which no selection was made will be assigned a random variant from the set of options.

This selection will be visible in the NFT metadata that is ultimately uploaded to IPFS.

The variant selection period ending has no effect on the ability to unlock transfers - which will remain available in perpetuity.

Unselected art will eventually be used for an additional NFT release. The exact details, and any associated utility, are not yet finalized, but we recognized the enthusiasm that everyone had for the art, and we want to get more amazing PFPs into the hands of holders and enthusiasts.

DISCOUNT SELECTION COMMITTEE

Great job so far building consensus for the Discount NFT and borrowing incentives and working through the process of selecting a committee.

This is the kind of work that investors, community members, and DAO token holders will work through to effect change, adaptation, and improvement of the X7 Ecosystem.

It is critical to strengthen these muscles now so that we will be ready when the DAO has fully control.
