---
tags: [on-chains]
title: nov-08-2022 01:26:23 am +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xdef004ea24dd90baf844611cca99acdf9c471b5b6a9f18d9798d223dbda7df17](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xdef004ea24dd90baf844611cca99acdf9c471b5b6a9f18d9798d223dbda7df17)

gn or gm

Welcome to Pioneer Week!

Pioneers have been hugely responsible for building the smartest community, marketing the mission, and making X7 Finance the future of DeFi.

Each day this week, we will be celebrating...you, the X7 Pioneer! For the next 7 days, each of the 7 developers will release their top X7 Pioneer artworks which will be randomly assigned to your Pioneer NFT. After the week is complete, you will be able to select your favorite artwork and lock it on the blockchain. We hope that you use your favorite NFT artwork as your profile picture!

A quick timeline of events:

Today, we will deploy the Pioneer NFT contract and connect it to the reward pool. All eligible wallets will be airdropped their Pioneer NFT!

Then for the next 7 days, we will reveal a unique artwork for every single Pioneer NFT.

Check back each day to see which unique artwork is revealed for your Pioneer!

After Pioneer Week is complete, you will be able to SELECT your artwork on the blockchain. This will update the image associated with your Pioneer NFT.

6% of profits that come into the X7 Treasury Splitter are now being allocated to the reward pool. Each X7 Pioneer NFT grants you a proportional share of this pool. If you hold more than one (either from consolidating from multiple wallets or buying them on a third party marketplace) in a single wallet, you can claim rewards for all simultaneously.

A dApp page will be provided for selecting artwork and claiming rewards.

This reward is a thank you to the amazing community for the support and growth of X7 Finance.
