---
tags: [on-chains]
title: oct-31-2022 06:49:23 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x8ba0c6f628964595ede1c4700868b4427aebf66998999d491787936444dd8fac](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x8ba0c6f628964595ede1c4700868b4427aebf66998999d491787936444dd8fac)

gm or gn.

A few items to cover this evening:

1. Pioneer NFT details
2. Other NFTs mint price
3. Xchange details

## Pioneer NFT

The pioneer NFT art is nearing completion. We have way more extremely awesome art options than we have pioneer NFTs. So we have decided to implement the following:

- NFTs will be airdropped to eligible addresses. Once the airdrops have been completed and the community has validated that all eligible recipients have received an NFT, no more airdrops will be completed, and the airdrop capability will be permanently disabled.
- Each NFT will have a random set of seven art options. The owner of the NFT will be able to "lock in" one of the variants.
- After a period of one month, any art not locked in will be randomly selected for the owner and all NFT metadata will be finalized and uploaded to IPFS.

Pioneer NFTs are intended as a heartfelt thank you and another opportunity for upside exposure to the ecosystem. No royalties will be implemented on any NFT exchange. However, owners wishing to profit from their Pioneer NFT through resale will have to pay a one-time-fee per NFT (payable only once by the initial owner) to unlock transferability. This fee will be sent to the X7 Ecosystem Splitter for distribution throughout the ecosystem. The final fee has not been determined but it will reflect a small percentage of near term reward pool claims.

Because they are being airdropped, they are free to hold and will only incur gas costs for locking in an art varient (optional) and gas costs for claiming rewards.

## Utility NFTs

The existing NFTs are clearly demonstrating their value to holders, and as the DEX and Lending Pool launch the value of all of them will be fully realized. Given the low price to high value that these NFTs are providing, once the DEX and Lending Pool launch we will make our first mint price increase.

Tentative new mint prices are:

    * Ecosystem Maxi - 0.30 ETH\
    * Liquidity Maxi - 0.75 ETH\
    * DEX maxi       - 1.50 ETH\
    * Borrowing maxi - 2.00 ETH

We will not have full decentralized governance in place by the time a mint price increase makes sense, but we will solicit input from the community prior to doing it to ensure it aligns with the communities understanding and vision for these NFT products. This will be another vital excercise in non-codified governance - a critical muscle to build.

## Xchange Details

You may have noticed (and will continue to notice) changes to the x7.finance website in preparation for the launch of Xchange. We are optimizing for a delightful and simple user experience that we can build upon to be and remain competitive with the prevalent swap systems.

We have also confirmed support for the product with typical tools such as Dextools and Bobby Buy Bot and we will continue to ensure that when Xchange launches it is immediately a viable destination for new token launches.

One additional detail that is important to cover is speculation about how exactly the lending capacity will work to ensure no loss of funds and how the X7100 series tokens will provide backstop collateral. The exact details will be revealed with verified contracts and audited code (and technical documentation) post launch. However some of the details can be shared:

The XChange uniswap fork has three notable changes:

    1. A reduced Liquidity Provider swap fee (and a portion of that fee collected by a trustless project contract for liquidation when it is profitable).\
    2. A slight modification to the router, factory, and pair contract trust relationships to support fee discounts and loan liquidations.\
    3. A modification to the pair contracts that ensures, at a code level, that there is ABSOLUTELY NO ABILITY through preloading, griefing, token minting, token honeypotting, or any other token level behavior for the loaned ETH liquidity to be removed prior to loan term satisfaction. Care has also been taken to ensure no loaned ETH can be trapped (either maliciously or accidentally) by token level behavior.

The X7100 series represents a reserve against which X7D can be withdrawn back into ETH. This ensures that any X7D depositor may withdraw ETH at any time and does not have to wait for a loan to come due in order to ensure withdrawal.

A significant portion of the loan proceeds will be turned into locked liquidity in the X7100 constellation, providing a measurable signal of lending pool profit for the purpose of calculating staked X7D returns as well as ensuring an ever growing capacity to mint X7D. Our goal is to have the market cap of the X7100 series tokens many multiples above the total lending pool capacity.

We thank you all for your support and incredible enthusiasm for this project. We cannot wait to join you as DAO members and revel upon the DeFi ecosystem giant we are all a part of.

Long Live DeFi!
