---
tags: [on-chains]
title: sep-26-2022 04:46:47 pm utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x186f6b145c1bdd077b921baca80b5a2ae56da4217b2d29e21e0f9aca4f47c1c5](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x186f6b145c1bdd077b921baca80b5a2ae56da4217b2d29e21e0f9aca4f47c1c5)

Great NFT launch!

One aspect of the V1 to V2 migration needs clarification.

The wallet snapshot that will take place in approximately twelve hours is ONLY a snapshot of which ADDRESSES hold X7 v1 ecosystem tokens.

It is NOT a balance snapshot. It is a record of all wallet addresses known to X7.

All tokens bought by the snapshotted wallet addresses prior to the actual migration will be eligible for migration to v2.

Any tokens bought by NEW wallets in between the snapshot and the migration will be eligible for migration if they submit tokens to the migrator.

During the migration we will run a single transaction for each token(s) (STEPS 01 - 04). Within this transaction we will accomplish two things:

    1. Record all the BALANCES of any wallet address that has migrated (or was added via the snapshot)
    2. Harvest the V1 liquidity into the migration contract immediately after that snapshot.

There is no way to "game" this methodology as the only tokens eligible for migration are:

    a. The tokens that have been submitted to the migration contract
    b. Tokens owned by a wallet just before we harvest the V1 liquidity from that token

Much of this is detailed in the header comment on the migration contract:

    https://etherscan.io/address/0x710515bf543fdb6834144f9269bbf0d1d32b1702#code

We strongly encourage the community members to read this as it outlines the entire process in detail.

Knowledge is power.
