---
tags: [on-chains]
title: sep-13-2022 10:52:07 am +utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xc1a48fec1f8c66b888c8abbfc174c4e222fc3779fedf049073122db2098b64b1](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xc1a48fec1f8c66b888c8abbfc174c4e222fc3779fedf049073122db2098b64b1)

gm or gn.

There will be one or two more contract deployments to fill out the pre-migration lineup. Thank you for bearing with us.

That said, the token migration approaches.

The migration will occur in 3 phases.

Phase 1: Stage the V1 tokens in a migration contract
Phase 2: Snapshot and verify
Phase 3: Migrate Liquidity and Airdrop v2 Tokens

Phase 1 will last for between 36-48 hours or until a sufficient number of tokens have been collected. A dapp will be provided for your convenience.

Phase 2 will last for approximately 24 hours to ensure everyone can review the snapshot that has been written to the migration contract so we can correct any discrepancies.

Phase 3 will occur shortly after phase 2 closes, and will include migrating liquidity from v1 pairs into v2 pairs. Any address that had staged their tokens in Phase 1 will recieve their tokens airdropped to their wallet. Any address that failed to stage their tokens will need to deposit and manually withdraw their new tokens from the migration contract.

A note on trust:

Phase 2 involves an off-chain snapshot (a requirement because transfer events are not available on chain). We strongly encourage the community to validate that the snapshot is correct. We do not ask for your trust. We ask for your engagement.

A note on the migration:

The more the community is engaged in moving tokens into the migration contract the smoother the v2 launch will go. With this in mind, we will be providing an incentive for timely participation. More to follow.
