---
tags: [on-chains]
title: feb-06-2023 05:22:59 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xc92e280850f3b0cac13c2a020cbc13b804da2282eae1d641cec154726c3598c9](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xc92e280850f3b0cac13c2a020cbc13b804da2282eae1d641cec154726c3598c9)

gm or gn.

A quick note about the multi-chain strategy.

We decided that an ERC-20 token airdrop/buyout for the ecosystem ERC-20 tokens is critical to avoid "ecosystem arbitrage" (profit taking on ETH to gain a large position of X7 tokens on another chain).

The Maxi and Magister NFTs are different. They provide specific utility within the X7 ecosystem with respect to on-chain transactions. And while NFT speculators might choose to mint an NFT with a hope to sell it to someone later, the NFT's purpose in the X7 ecosystem is to provide discounts to power users of our products and to provide influence for those that are highly invested in the ecosystem (above and beyond what DAO token ownership can grant).

The mint cost for each NFT also provides capital that is allocated within the ecosystem as liquidity, lending pool reserves, and operational and marketing funds.

With this in mind, we will not be airdropping NFTs on other chains to existing NFT holders on Ethereum. Any mints that occur on other chains will help to bootstrap that particular chain's ecosystem.

X7 will operate fully independently on each chain, and the value and pricing once the DAO on each chain is in operation will evolve independently. The mint prices will however start at approximate parity.

We wanted to provide this clarity at this time since we deployed the NFT contracts on BNB Smart Chain, Optimism, Arbitrum, and Polygon, and we observed some confusion and speculation which could have left NFT speculators disappointed or otherwise feeling disenfranchised.
