---
tags: [on-chains]
title: jan-27-2023 07:33:11 pm utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0xea9519d1e02072035be852564203a8bfd40c42c759d3c29a0c67d0c9fc3cb41f](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xea9519d1e02072035be852564203a8bfd40c42c759d3c29a0c67d0c9fc3cb41f)

gm or gn.

Please find below some answers and responses to some recent questions and ideas.

---

Q. Are X7 Devs going to be looking after the aggregator integrations with 1inch .etc for example and will we expect these soon after our router, factory, and pairs contracts?

A. We will drive as many integrations as possible. When needed we will signal to the community when doing so isn't feasible and when we need support from the community to help drive the effort.

In addition we will soon be deploying the entire ecosystem on to a number of public test nets at the same contract address locations to aid any integration testing with third parties.

---

Q. Do the X7 Devs intend on an Xchange domain for the app before DAO?

A. app.x7.finance will be the domain for Xchange for the foreseeable future. This is consistent with other DEX dApp domains (see: app.1inch.io, app.uniswap.org).

---

Q. Should we plan to the setting up something like a gitbook for information - or will that be delivered upon release?

A. We will provide technical documentation in an open source manner (on github.com) and will invite the community to contribute as well.

---

Q. Is the overall Lending functionality of X7 solely Ethereum-focused (meaning token dependent on the chain it is deployed on, ETH for Ethereum, BNB for Smart Chain, FTM for Fantom) or will we see lending which would allow for liquidity pairs paired with Stablecoins for example?

A. We are happy to inform the community that the fundamental safeguards present in Xchange liquidity pairs are in NO WAY specialized for ETH/WETH. We absolutely foresee future lending activity to involve other base tokens, be them stable tokens or other wrapped assets.

Support for lending other assets will require a new lending contract, which we will provide. However, it is less likely that we would support the X7 Ecosystem building up an ecosystem lending pool for these kinds of assets for one simple reason - many of these assets have some amount of centralized control that could in theory result in stuck or lost assets (e.g. USDC has blacklist functionality).

Ultimately the DAO WILL be empowered to fund such an ecosystem pool or to otherwise support lending of other assets and we will support such propositions provided they do not put the safety of the ecosystem at risk.

---

Re: The marketing proposal, we LOVE the ideas put forth. Below are some comments and thoughts.

---

Idea 1: On-chain Messaging to Other Deployer Wallets

We agree and will help with whatever on-chain outreach will gain the most attention, be it on-chain messages to other deployers or small conspicuous market buys (with proper warning being given to the X7 community to assure everyone it is not a strict endorsement or investment advice).

---

Idea 2: $25,000 "Build on XChange" Competition

Cash rewards and incentives to migrate and build on top of Xchange is most definitely an activity we would support both in spirit and financially.

As the core development and auditing cost needs draw down we will ramp up funding of the community multisig. Ultimately we want these funds to have the best return on investment for the project.

In the future we expect there will be not one, but many community funded initiatives and the funds for these larger initiatives can be granted either perpetual funding from a splitter or one time funding either from a slush-treasury or from one or more of the perpetually funded wallets.

---

Idea 3: "Refer-a-Project" Reward Program

We definitely agree a referral program with a clear ROI is a great idea. We would caution that these programs should not and can not vouch for the safety or validity of external projects. But we invite all developers to develop on Xchange and with Initial Liquidity Loans, and encourage the same level of DYOR and risk management present for all DeFi activities when accepting any counterparty risk.

---

In light of these ideas which clearly need good perpetual funding, we think it would make sense to make the following changes:

    1. Reduce the fraction of ecosystem funds going into the lending pool and increase the fraction going into the treasury splitter.

    2. Reduce the fraction of treasury funds going into the X7 Operations multisig wallet and increase the fraction going into the community multisig wallet.

We think this tradeoff will pay off as the lending pool will soon be increasing directly from loan origination fees, premiums, and X7D minting.

In the future the DAO will be empowered to make these kinds of changes, but until that time we are happy to act in the best interest of the project.

Additionally, the more X7D that is minted (even before we have provided a direct investment instrument for the X7D tokens), the more the rest of the ecosystem will benefit, and an investor can be indirectly exposed to the upside of minting X7D by also holding any of the X7 tokens (X7R, X7DAO, X7100 Series).

The X7 ecosystem was built with this kind of flexibility to manage the overall ecosystem liquidity and to provide enumerable incentives to participate in X7's capital allocations.

---

Thank you all for your active participation in making this project a reality, and an even bigger thank you to the community leads and members that are clearly working behind the scenes to help bring X7 Finance to the top of DeFi and beyond.
