---
tags: [on-chains]
title: sep-24-2022 02:33:35 am utc
---

[https://etherscan.io/tx/0x9caea230798b5bf2723f6cc66c34e53e1c6901f37c3f5b1e3fe1e6214a828536](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x9caea230798b5bf2723f6cc66c34e53e1c6901f37c3f5b1e3fe1e6214a828536)

The migration is starting soon.

Over the next few hours we will be deploying the following:

1. Updated V2 Token contracts:

   A small bug was identified by an on chain reviewer that would have made discounts work improperly.

   We have also added an "enableTrading" feature.
   This will be called once by the migration contract immediately after all tokens have been airdropped.
   Once enabled, trading may never be disabled.
   There will be a thorough explanation on the migration contract detailing the full timeline of migration events.

2. The X7100 Liquidity Hub contract. The launch functionality that was in the X7000 Liquidity Hub has been moved into the migration contract.
3. The treasury (profit splitter) contract
4. The migration contract. We will verify the contract and give the community 6-8 hours to review it before it goes live

   The verified contract has a very detailed explanation of every aspect of the migration.
   The developers will periodically review relevant communication channels and will provide
   any additional information that the community needs to feel confident in the migration process.

5. 4 Maxi NFTs and 1 Magister NFT contract
6. Migration dApp
7. NFT Mint dApp (minting will not be enabled until 24 hours after the migration contract goes live)

Once the migration contract goes live we will begin a 72 hour countdown until V2 goes live and V1 is done.
